# color theme for MOC based on moonfly
#
# https://github.com/bluz71/vim-moonfly-colors

background           = default   default   normal     
frame                = blue      default 
window_title         = default   default   bold
directory            = white     default   bold
selected_directory   = default   black     bold
playlist             = green     default   bold
selected_playlist    = default   black     bold
file                 = blue      default
selected_file        = default   black     dim
marked_file          = yellow    default   bold
marked_selected_file = yellow    black     bold
info                 = default   default   bold
selected_info        = default   black     bold
marked_info          = yellow    default   bold
marked_selected_info = yellow    black     bold
status               = default   default   dim
title                = yellow    default   bold
state                = default   default   dim
current_time         = default   default   bold
time_left            = default   default   bold
total_time           = default   default   bold
time_total_frames    = default   default
sound_parameters     = default   default   bold
legend               = default   default
disabled             = black     default   bold
enabled              = default   default   bold
empty_mixer_bar      = default   default       
filled_mixer_bar     = default   black
empty_time_bar       = default   black
filled_time_bar      = green     magenta     
entry                = default   default
entry_title          = black     cyan
error                = red       default    bold
message              = green     default    bold
plist_time           = default   default
